Automation (#252)
pierre-ernst/snyk-github-issue-creator: README.md

1. an environment variable `GH_PAT` with a GitHub personal access token having enough privilege to create issues.

## Installation
```bash
$ npm install
$ chmod u+x ./cli/index.js
$ npm link
```

## Usage
You can find usage instructions by running:

```bash
$ snyk-github-issue-creator --help
```

```bash
$ snyk-github-issue-creator [--snykOrg=<snykOrg> --snykProject=<snykProject> | --stdin ] --ghOwner=<ghOwner> --ghRepo=<ghRepo> [--ghLabels=<ghLabel>,...] [--projectName=<projectName>] [--parseManifestName] [--batch] [--autoGenerate]
```

- You can retrieve your snykOrg Id from your org settings page on [Snyk](https://snyk.io) or via the [Snyk API](https://snyk.docs.apiary.io/#reference/organisations/the-snyk-organisation-for-a-request/list-all-the-organisations-a-user-belongs-to).
- The SnykProject Id is available via the [Snyk API](https://snyk.docs.apiary.io/#reference/projects/projects-by-organisation/list-all-projects).
- You need to either provide a valid `SnykOrg` Id and `snykProject` Id, or use the `stdin` option to parse the output of a snyk monitor command to retrieve the necessary parameters. 

> - The optional `projetName` allows to overrride the project name from Snyk (usefull when runing Snyk with CI/CLI integration)

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
- The optional `projectName` allows to overrride the project name from Snyk (useful when runing Snyk with CI/CLI integration)
```
